Minor fixes to Getting Started, plus reworking recommended inventory … (#4955)
rubyforgood/human-essentials: docs/user_guide/bank/getting_started_choices.md

# Some Things to Think about before Getting Started

Human Essentials is designed to help you manage your inventory and your relationship with partners, while also providing some information to help with your grant writing.

Here are some questions that will help you when you are setting up Human Essentials. 

> - Do you (your bank) want to start out immediately with your partners making requests, or do you want to just track your distributions for awhile first?

Reviewer: Tiniest nit…I _think_ it's `a while` when following a preposition and only `awhile` when used as an adverb.
```suggestion
- Do you (your bank) want to start out immediately with your partners making requests, or do you want to just track your distributions for a while first?
```

Author: For a while looks weird to me though   -- how about    

 Do you (your bank) want to start out immediately with your partners making requests, or do you want to just track your distributions awhile first?

Author: Looking in various usage guides,  it seems like for a while is technically correct, but for awhile is quite commonly used.   I'm just going to reword it.

- Do you run on a monthly cycle, or on more of an adhoc basis?
- What information do you need from our partners (see [Partner Profile](pm_partner_profiles.md) for what you *can* collect in the system - this is somewhat configurable)?
  - Do you need to get all that information from your partners before they can enter requests? 
- Do you have different groups of partners allowed to request different items? (if so, you'll want to look at [Partner Groups](pm_))
- Who should have admin access?  (See [Access Levels](getting_started_access_levels.md))
- Do you repackage items into 'kits'? (common for period-focused banks)
- How do you want your partners requesting from you?  (By # of individuals for each item, by quantity of each item, or by specific child (we don't recommend that unless they really have the need.) This is covered more in ["The Request Distribution Cycle"](pm_request_distribution_cycle.md))
  - If quantity, do you want to have our partners request in # of items, or in some other units (e.g. packs, for diapers )

> [! NOTE] Packs are not yet available, but coming soon! (estimated March 2025)

Reviewer: Callout syntax:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Packs are not yet available, but coming soon! (estimated March 2025)
```
